Big n2 (#289)
GSK-Biostatistics/tfrmt: vignettes/big_ns.Rmd

```{r}
with_big_n_data <- tribble(
  ~group,     ~label,        ~span2,  ~span1,     ~my_col,    ~parm,   ~val,
      NA,        NA,  "column cols",     NA,       NA  ,  "bigN",    18,
) %>% 
  bind_rows(data)

#Now we can add the big_n to the tfrmt from before 
n_span_tfrmt <- spanning_tfrmt %>% 
  tfrmt(big_n = big_n_structure(param_val = "bigN", n_frmt = frmt(" N = xx"))) 

print_to_gt(n_span_tfrmt, .data = with_big_n_data)
```
 
 If we also want big N's on `col 1,2`, `col4`, and `mycol3`, we will need Add 3 more rows to our ARD. One that goes down to the `span1` level of specificity and two that go all the way down to `my_col` level of specificity. (Note: because we are keeping the `parm` values the same we can use the same tfrmt)
```{r}
with_more_big_n_data <- tribble(
  ~group,     ~label,        ~span2,  ~span1,     ~my_col,    ~parm,   ~val,
    NA,         NA,  "column cols",  "cols 1,2",   NA  ,      "bigN",    12,
    NA,         NA,  "column cols",  "col 4"   ,   "col4"  ,  "bigN",    6,
    NA,         NA,             NA,          NA,   "mycol3",  "bigN",    6
) %>% 
  bind_rows(with_big_n_data)

print_to_gt(n_span_tfrmt, .data = with_more_big_n_data)
```
 

> As a final note, column names for the big N's should match the ARD column names not any future names. So regardless, if column names get changed in the `col_plan`, the column name for the big N's should reflect the column name of that column you want it to go in the ARD. The big N's will still be added if names do get updated.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a final note, column names for the big N's should match the ARD column names, rather than any future names. Regardless of any renaming that happens in the `col_plan`, the column name for the big N's should be consistent with column values in the ARD. The big N's will still be added if names do get updated in the `col_plan`.  
```
